Dataset rewrite (#85)
MrLongbottom/P9-Rapport: sections/Dataset.tex

\section{Dataset}\label{sec:dataset}
Nordjyske is a media group maintaining many local newspapers, radios, and websites in the North Jutland region of Denmark.
All articles produced by Nordjyske are saved in a nonpublic database.
The dataset, which we use, consists of $\sim\! 63.000$ articles from 2017.
These documents consist of many attributes where we extract the ID, headline, and body of the article.
They do contain more information, such as authors, references to images, article type, date and time of publishing, etc.
This information could become relevant with the use of various \gls{lda} modifications, however this is beyond the scope of this paper.

> Some entries within the dataset are ads or scoreboard, which we try to filter away in the preprocessing phase which is explained in \autoref{sec:prepro}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some entries within the dataset are advertisements or scoreboards, which we try to filter away in the preprocessing phase, explained in \autoref{sec:prepro}.
```
